This is an introduction to professional practice




Firstly, the original attributes are enhanced. Laplacian smoothing filter is selected to mitigate the high frequency noise in the node features. Compared with GNN encoder, the entanglement between graph convolution encoder and weight matrix will damage the performance and robustness. The graph convolution encoders in these methods reveal special cases of generalized Laplacian smoothing filters. The Laplacian smoothing filter is equivalent to a GNN network without parameters, and the information of neighbors can be aggregated according to the structure information of the graph (adjacency matrix). We call the directly connected nodes as the first-order neighbors of nodes, and the second-order nodes are connected one order apart, and so on. This involves a number of filtering times, the more filtering times, the farther the aggregation to the neighbor.
The enhanced features are then encoded by two autoencoders whose parameters are not shared, so that two semantically different embeddings Z1 and Z2 can be obtained. Then the similarity matrix S within and between views between samples is calculated. A pseudo-label matrix Q and a set of high confidence samples H are generated by K-Means algorithm on the embedding. The high confidence information is determined by the distance of the samples from the center of mass, and the samples whose distance is less than a certain threshold are considered to be high confidence. Then, according to the high confidence information, pseudo-label matrix and similarity information, the weight between the sample pairs is calculated, so that the weight between the difficult sample pairs is higher, and the weight of the easy sample pairs is lower. How to weight according to the following formula:



Here's my   code：





if __name__ == '__main__':

    # for dataset_name in ["cora", "citeseer", "amap", "bat", "eat", "uat"]:
    for dataset_name in ["cora"]:

        # setup hyper-parameter
        args = setup_args(dataset_name)

        # record results
        file = open("result.csv", "a+")
        print(args.dataset, file=file)
        print("ACC,   NMI,   ARI,   F1", file=file)
        file.close()
        acc_list = []
        nmi_list = []
        ari_list = []
        f1_list = []

        # ten runs with different random seeds
        for args.seed in range(args.runs):
            # record results

            # fix the random seed
            setup_seed(args.seed)

            # load graph data
            X, y, A, node_num, cluster_num = load_graph_data(dataset_name, show_details=False)

            # apply the laplacian filtering
            X_filtered = laplacian_filtering(A, X, args.t)

            # test
            args.acc, args.nmi, args.ari, args.f1, y_hat, center = phi(X_filtered, y, cluster_num)

            # build our hard sample aware network
            HSAN = hard_sample_aware_network(
                input_dim=X.shape[1], hidden_dim=args.dims, act=args.activate, n_num=node_num)

            # adam optimizer
            optimizer = optim.Adam(HSAN.parameters(), lr=args.lr)

            # positive and negative sample pair index matrix
            mask = torch.ones([node_num * 2, node_num * 2]) - torch.eye(node_num * 2)

            # load data to device
            A, HSAN, X_filtered, mask = map(lambda x: x.to(args.device), (A, HSAN, X_filtered, mask))

            # training
            for epoch in tqdm(range(400), desc="training..."):
                # train mode
                HSAN.train()

                # encoding with Eq. (3)-(5)
                Z1, Z2, E1, E2 = HSAN(X_filtered, A)

                # calculate comprehensive similarity by Eq. (6)
                S = comprehensive_similarity(Z1, Z2, E1, E2, HSAN.alpha)

                # calculate hard sample aware contrastive loss by Eq. (10)-(11)
                loss = hard_sample_aware_infoNCE(S, mask, HSAN.pos_neg_weight, HSAN.pos_weight, node_num)

                # optimization
                loss.backward()
                optimizer.step()

                # testing and update weights of sample pairs
                if epoch % 10 == 0:
                    # evaluation mode
                    HSAN.eval()

                    # encoding
                    Z1, Z2, E1, E2 = HSAN(X_filtered, A)

                    # calculate comprehensive similarity by Eq. (6)
                    S = comprehensive_similarity(Z1, Z2, E1, E2, HSAN.alpha)

                    # fusion and testing
                    Z = (Z1 + Z2) / 2
                    acc, nmi, ari, f1, P, center = phi(Z, y, cluster_num)

                    # select high confidence samples
                    H, H_mat = high_confidence(Z, center)

                    # calculate new weight of sample pair by Eq. (9)
                    M, M_mat = pseudo_matrix(P, S, node_num)

                    # update weight
                    HSAN.pos_weight[H] = M[H].data
                    HSAN.pos_neg_weight[H_mat] = M_mat[H_mat].data

                    # recording
                    if acc >= args.acc:
                        args.acc, args.nmi, args.ari, args.f1 = acc, nmi, ari, f1

            print("Training complete")

            # record results
            file = open("result.csv", "a+")
            print("{:.2f}, {:.2f}, {:.2f}, {:.2f}".format(args.acc, args.nmi, args.ari, args.f1), file=file)
            file.close()
            acc_list.append(args.acc)
            nmi_list.append(args.nmi)
            ari_list.append(args.ari)
            f1_list.append(args.f1)

        # record results
        acc_list, nmi_list, ari_list, f1_list = map(lambda x: np.array(x), (acc_list, nmi_list, ari_list, f1_list))
        file = open("result.csv", "a+")
        print("{:.2f}, {:.2f}".format(acc_list.mean(), acc_list.std()), file=file)
        print("{:.2f}, {:.2f}".format(nmi_list.mean(), nmi_list.std()), file=file)
        print("{:.2f}, {:.2f}".format(ari_list.mean(), ari_list.std()), file=file)
        print("{:.2f}, {:.2f}".format(f1_list.mean(), f1_list.std()), file=file)
        file.close()





